I can only give it.
Boy you are
Ah, I accidentally went to the wrong ward
Excuse me?
Hey it's not delicious
OK
Why did Dad bring me here?
Hey, let me know the son of Pangu Group
As a result, no one saw it and offended Mr. Su
I heard
Mr. Su had a heart attack at the banquet
Sent to this hospital
This is the room.
Do you want to visit Mr. Su?
Mr. Su made such a big fire at the banquet
Get used to it if you don't kick me out
Your mind is too shallow
Think about him.
Mr. Su is hospitalized here
Can his son not come?
You mean Mr. Su's son will also come
Mr. Su's son will definitely come
As long as you can take down Mr. Su's son
Will Mr. Su still be angry with you?
Say
If you become the daughter-in-law of the Su family in Shangjing
Our family is going to thrive
This man is young and handsome
He also came out of President Su's ward
It must be Mr. Su's son
Dad, just look at me
Hey, hey, hey.
You, you, you okay?
I just accidentally fell.
Handsome guy, are you the son of Pangu Group?